all right look to know the Reposado of
wheat shorts here in Las Vegas I'm here
the cheung road and gamer nicked today
we're gonna be trying 99 bananas oh it
is 99 proof with almost 50% alcohol
content so this is Tom's absolute
favorite remember 10 years ago we had a
bad night with this on Jager this Amiga
mixed together to sever night I also got
Jager I was kidding disco all right
there you go
it smells delicious but it's been that
one incident that one night we've never
been back to any of the 99 alcohol is it
a rub or a butter Shawn so it's in a row
Shawn take a king shot of that yes Shawn
took a king shot of it and he passed out
I mean everybody was a disaster we drew
a penis on Brad's face it was good stuff
all around okay this is a banana liqueur
it smells good it smells really good
yeah yeah are you ready to try this rums
flavor down as much as I did bruce
mahler I'm guessing not okay here we go
down it has a burnt yeah we had a lot of
requests like it has like a like a candy
taste to it I didn't think yeah all
right Chris what do you rate that thing
oh it's almost like almost there getting
close to a 151 I give it I get three out
of five well you like it though I like I
don't like the aftertaste but damn that
burn feels good Chuck yeah I actually
like it I give it a high three it's not
that bad of a burner
but that makes what the candy is uh no
yeah the fire brings it down a little
bit Nick to the one Oh everybody
probably good man Elvina oh you've
already done why do you gotta ruin my
trip all right I got this specifically
for Tom it was a fun trip guys I got
this specifically for you buddy
I was gonna guess originally uh not
anymore doughnut flavored vodka anything
and then I saw this and I'm like this is
truly the drink of telling us metric no
that's not magic it's a dark room where
in Baguio art cup I'm filling it till
the shot wine that is a low it's not
Chris come on that's not a lot
come on wait that's man little more a
little more
okay accept it okay except you can see
Chris all right ten years ago or so
Tom had a bad night off of this stuff
and he's returning to conquer it
he's gonna conquer the streak of 99
bananas no one mr. Vegas panel on his
club do this flavor for some reason I
don't know why it was ironic enough that
this is what they picked some at smells
good it smells delicious all right here
we go and we go down again I know where
this is and then go get our four lokos a
gamble all right okay
here we go let's do it Tom come on just
get over with like rubber bands three
two one go Tom Wow Harry yeah boy oh
well that burn is intense it's still
oddly delicious yeah that's a great
flavor but that burn is intense
yes okay three I enjoyed it again she's
good
that view you conquered you hear about
no I didn't I've never bet there's a
slight hint of runts like hunter Mannion
yeah the banana right men it's pure nail
polish or not like that
there is no redeeming qualities to that
that's the biggest f you ever all right
well there you go guys we're gonna be
doing more Vegas stuff later on but we
have to wait for a bit else to get here
so we're gonna gamble get drunk and
we'll see you later